feat: support writting responses as json (#1804)
jbsparrow/CyberDropDownloader: docs/reference/configuration-options/settings/files.md

{% hint style="info" %}
Not every request made by CDL returns an HTML page (ex: API requests generally return JSON data). Only HTML responses will be saved
{% endhint %}

## `dump_responses`

| Type   | Default |
| ------ | ------- |
| `bool` | `False` |

> CDL will save to disk a copy of every non binary request (text/HTML/JSON) as a single file. The files will be saved to a folder named `cdl_responses`, located in the same folder as the main log file.

Author: ```suggestion
CDL will save to disk a copy of every non binary request (text/HTML/JSON) as a single file. The files will be saved to a folder named `cdl_responses`, inside the parent folder of the main log file.
```
